{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\deflang1029{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22 story overview\par
characters: main character (John), his brother Al, brother's wife Janet, their daughter Mai\par
setting:  Mallaig ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.cz/maps/place/Mallaig,+Highland,+UK/@57.0023349,-5.8248367,14z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x488c02cb3c55c4fb:0xbed7e076ff890803"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.google.cz/maps/place/Mallaig,+Highland,+UK/@57.0023349,-5.8248367,14z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x488c02cb3c55c4fb:0xbed7e076ff890803}}}\f0\fs22 ), end of road ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.cz/maps/@57.011208,-5.806082,3a,75y,17.04h,75.01t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1swX6c8gtCBD11WlFgo6TbrA!2e0"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.google.cz/maps/@57.011208,-5.806082,3a,75y,17.04h,75.01t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1swX6c8gtCBD11WlFgo6TbrA!2e0}}}\f0\fs22 ), Scotland, later Fort William\par
past: two boys live with their parents in a hous\lang1033\f1 e in a bay outside of the town\lang1029\f0 . \lang1033\f1 T\lang1029\f0 he family is quite average, nobody stands out, they don't have much money, parents don't have many ambitions (fisherman) and they let the old house slowly to fall apart. John realises soon that he hates the place and that it holds him back, and he leaves when he is 18 for a police academy in Fort William. His brother never truly forgives him. John was always a kind a loner, his job suits him, he doesn't talk to his colleagues much and is perfectly ok with drinking a beer from a can in front of a TV in the evening and going to sleep. After he left, Al sought company among the local boys and girls in Mallaig. He falls in love with a girl when he is 18 and he marries her 5 years later. The sea is always present in the lives of everyone.Their father dies before the wedding, the mother soon after that, not entountering the first grandchild, and the family decides to stay in the house by the sea. John doesn't hit it off very well with Janet and after the wedding, he doesn't come back much, only for a few days each summer. The already broken family ties gets broken even more and John, though struggling to find a way to his brother, never truly succeeds, with his brother unable to forgive him for leaving. He has his own life now and doesn't have to impress his brother, who in his eyes lives a boring life in the city. \par
Al is sort of happy in the place where he grew, never really haunted by any ghosts of the past in that place. \par
The tragedy happens when Mai is four. Week before that, John sees his brother for the last time alive. He senses tension between the couple but as always this visit of his is sort of awkward and when he tries to talk to Al, he pushes him away, \par
What happened that day? The family had a picking on a rock overeseeing the sea. Al was standing on the cliff when a bird startled him, he fell over and hit the water thirty feet below. The autopsy stated he was alive for a while longer but unconcious and quickly drowned, roughed by the rocks that the waves carried him against. The investigation soon ended, stating an accident and no outside influence. \par
Mai is assigned to John's care. She's a weirdly quiet child \lang1033\f1 [...]\lang1029\f0\par
He changes a little on the outside, but the tragedy hardens him. Now his traits may take over his behaviour. \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Common traits: loves \lang1033\f1 Mai\lang1029\f0 , fears for her, protects her, but has trouble understanding her. The memory of his brother or generally the past is faded, he never goes back to the old house, now merely a ruin. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Aggresive: blames Al for the past, for their differences, finds excuses, generally avoids thinking about the past\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Questioning: has doubts about his actions, blames himself for not trying harder to find a way to Al \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Reasonable: applies logic, the off things in the long closed case still come to his head. Asks himself, searches for answers\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Protective: Mai brings memories up of the past that, throughout all these years is almost kind. He doesn't remember his parents much anymore but generally doesn't blame anyone for anything. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cheerful: Ignores the past. Lives in and for the present. \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Each of this behaviors upsets Mai in its own way and each of them (according to player's decisions) leads to her leaving home. She's 14 when this happens, upset she doesn't get answers for her questions, she wishes to know more and the faded memory of the old house is like a magnet.\par
Timeline:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Chapter 1, childhood, John (5-18), Al (0-13), weeding, John (28), Al (23), year later Mai is born\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Chapter 2, tragedy, John (32), Al (x27)\lang1033\f1\par
\lang1029\f0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Chapter 3, second tragedy, soon after that his wife shoots herself and Mai is assigned to John's care and moves to John's appartment in the city\lang1033\f1\par
\lang1029\f0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Chapter 4, right before disapperance of Lea. John, now 42, doubts himself and his upbringing of her, with ten years after the tragedy, Mai stumbles upon an article in a local newspaper that mentions "unconfirmed rumours" about her mother having a lover in the village. Confronting John, she, still a child, gets mad and wants to at least see the place by herself. John says a clear no only to find a note next morning, saying she takes train to the village and goes to see the by herself.\lang1033\f1\par
\lang1029\f0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Chapter 5, John driving madly to \lang1033\f1 Mallaig\lang1029\f0 , where he finds out Mai was there and she confronted Terry in a local pub. They left together. Knowing Terry is a local misfit and drunk, he's mad with fear and drives to the old house, only to get into an accident \lang1033\f1 [...] half \lang1029\f0 a mile from it. He's injured but moving. He gets out of the car and goes towards the \lang1033\f1 sea shore\lang1029\f0 , his movement slowing down as he clearly is injured. He arrives to see Mai and Terry on the pier - in a situation depending on the previous decisions. \lang1033\f1 He suspects Terry had something to do with his brother's death but what exactly remains unknown. \par
\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1029\f0 Endings: \par
Aggresive: Terry is strangling \lang1033\f1 Mai\lang1029\f0 . With last efforts John pulls a gun, shoots him and sees both bodies falling into water. He dies, never \lang1033\f1 learning\lang1029\f0  what happened, if she got from his grasp in time and if he hasn't hit her  too. \par
\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Aggresive/protective: Terry is strangling \lang1033\f1 Mai\lang1029\f0 . With last efforts John pulls a gun, shoots him and sees his body falling into water. Mai gets up, shaken but alive. He falls unconcious.\par
\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Aggresive/questioning:\lang1033\f1  \lang1029\f0 Terry is strangling \lang1033\f1 Mai\lang1029\f0 . With last efforts John pulls a gun\lang1033\f1 , shoots but misses. Terry stumbles and falls into the water, Mai falls and stands up, runs. John falls unconcious. \lang1029\f0\par
\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Questioning: Terry is strangling \lang1033\f1 Mai\lang1029\f0 . With last efforts John pulls a gun\lang1033\f1 , shoots but misses. Terry stumbles and falls into the water, Mai falls and stands up, runs. John dies. ?\lang1029\f0\par
\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Questioning/Cheerful:\lang1033\f1  John sees right the moment when Mai escapes Terry's grasp. He stumbles and falls into water\lang1029\f0\par
Questioning/Reasonable:\par
Reasonable:\par
Reasonable/Protective: \par
Reasonable/Cheerful: \par
Protective:\par
\par
\par
\par
Environment, mood setting: current situation, lake, waves, sand, stones, the old house, rock over the lake, village, ... \par
\lang1033\f1\par
}
 